hey guys so I'm finally back and I'm
sorry I hope dad's been so long and I'll
post like an update video over here so
you can check that out if you want but
um I'm just going to go ahead and get
started this is some stuff that I
actually ordered from Korea through this
website called gmarket calm and i'll
link it down there but it's a really
cool website where you buy stuff and
they'll ship it from korea and i'm
pretty sure there's an English version
which I'll link down there but I bought
it from the Japanese website and um had
my and to bring it to me when she came
over for Christmas so I just let's show
you some of the stuff that I got because
it's really cool cute whatever so first
thing I got are these glasses right here
and um I really like wearing fake
glasses if you can tell um I just I
don't know I really like being able to
like change your look up so yeah these I
think they're like someone were around
seven dollars i'm like that um the
second thing i got is actually this
sweater right here that I'm wearing and
it's kind of hard to see but it's just
this like really loose baggy sweater and
it's super furry like this it's really
warm in here and the reason I want to do
is actually because of the hood has
these little ears right here and I
thought that it was super cute so I just
decided to get this and I think this
would like a little bit on the expensive
side I guess is close to like seventeen
eighteen dollars and I apologize for the
lighting it is really on here um some
other stuff that I got oh I got BB cream
this is me shows BB cream at number 21 I
guess watch it for you but I mean you're
not really a deal at all because so
yellow in here so here's what it looks
like right there and it just feels
really nice generally I actually don't
use that much foundation but I wanted to
try and diva cream because I know that I
have SPF and it's pretty good for your
skin as a makeup so yeah
okay so the thing that I got that I'm
really excited about other than this
hoodie are they right here so
they're kind of like an oxford style
pump and what I thought was really nice
if I can find it over here they gave me
extra I don't know what these are called
like healed I guess cuz you know when
you walk too much the heel pot wears
down and then you get to like the metal
inside or some like that and it gets
really hard to walk after that so big E
give you extra which I thought was
really nice but these are actually a
root like a tiny bit too small they're
like perfect on me but they're a little
tight so i think i'm going to try
stretching them with I see you need a
shelf and method so tell you how that
goes i'm not really sure how it work but
i'll probably video my adventures with
that but i think is they're super cute
and then make your legs look really long
because it's cut so low right here yeah
um other things that I got nail stickers
just really raised on I got a bunch of
like samples of the Missha BB creams it
came with that number 21 so it's just
the same one I think you know more of
the same thing and oh and oh my glasses
came in a case and I had this little
like cleaner thing which I thought was
really nice there's one more thing on to
show the clothes okay and then I got
this t-shirt right here so it's that new
york city and you don't know me which i
can get kind of sappy and cute and it
actually had a i don't know if you can
see this but actually had a pocket right
here think you can kind of see that line
right there yeah i had a pocket but i
took it off because i don't understand
it was like right it was covering this
you don't know me so it was like you
don't know and then just cut off so i
just cut the entire pocket off I just
you know yeah cup of steamed off so yeah
that is my korean stuff from christmas
um like I said if you want to check out
all of these things i will put the link
down there and you guys can go look at
it and i do think that they ship
internationally I don't know how
extra ladder so but um I think it's
worth it just because i really like
asian fashion and yeah so i will talk to
you guys later I